I need us to flush out the ideology of the game project directory. the plan is to abstract away as much as possible in relation to rendering and loading of information and provide the user with a cleaner representation of the repository so they can focus on creating the game they want to make. I need us to analyze what are the requirements for a scene, what are the requirements for a player (or a camera player in reguards to an editor style scene or if the game devs wante a "fly" camera mode), what are the requirements for a camera controller, what are the relationships between them, and how does the engine currently handle all of it. In relation to the IDE and in the game there are some questions that I have. I feel that ultimately in order for us to make a solid foundation for game developers we need to abstract a little bit of the code in relation to the scenes such that scenes IDE users will create will more exist in mods? but I'm not sure. it would be nice if the project folder contained the core code in one folder, a scenes folder, a player folder with subfolders for the type of control methoology, and an assets folder with sub folders for character models, menus, and ETC. the original intent was that each game a person made would essentially be loaded via the modmanager, but right now, even during testing, it is baked into the core code - including with paths and folders in which I don't like. In a perfect world Blueprint manager should have different sets of scenes in which on creation of a new project, loads the desired scene or scenes into the project folder as mods that then get loaded into the project dynamically. I'm not sold and don't know if it's a solid plan, but the hope is that a game creator would be able to mod their own main menu, link into the main menu with their own mod of the main menu, there's just so many options that I want them to have that it becomes hard to allow for everything without providing a good foundation of structure. Lets go ahead an analyze the directory and come up with a plan, or structures that we will need to accomplish this goal. 